When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?

Two reasons I would consider using a remote repository rather than local work would be collaborative work and local memory.
Remote repositories on Github allow anyone I want to simply clone the repository and edit alongside me, and they also use
memory space to archive the history of projects which may not be needed locally.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

Pulling changes manually creates a rhythm or pattern of consistent work and keeps the user aware of the status update of the code. Relying on automatic pull requires Git to always
be aware of the status, even when you are not, and it holds Git responsible if it cannot update due to a connection problem or repository conflict. After all, all push and pull
commands are timestamped, so it records when the user, not Github, makes updates or commits to the project. In addition, some features to be implemented do not require the latest
update but rather a stable version from some point, and manually pulling changes assures that only that version, nothing more, is brought in locally.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?

Forks are used to make clones on Github of repositories of other users, useful for copying projects without changing or modifying existing ones. Clones take repositories from
either Github or local machines and make a dublicate on the local machine. Branches change the path of commits and modifications within one repository.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?

A local copy of the last known state of the remote lets us know how much progress has been completed prior to the time a computer has been disconnected or has continued progress
once leaving the network. A recorded instance of this assures that there was a point in time where any other changes made by another user are in common with the local updated copy
of another's work.

How would you collaborate without using Git or Github? What would be easier, and what would be harder?

I cannot imagine any more trying to collaborate without using Git or Github. The only other tool I can think of is Google Drive, the online program with which everyone works on
the same document simultaneously. It does not keep track of history changes, so it is not possible to recall a prior state in order to make any changes without accounting for
any features introduced later.

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in master? What benefits does each approach have?

Changes in a separate branch would need to be made at a point when it is necessary to make either a revision or a test simulation of a feature. This allows you to focus your
changes on the updated version of your local master branch. Once everything is stable, it is then considered to pull in changes from others into your local master branch, and then
merge the master branch into your different branch. The practice in maintaining only your changes into master before pulling in any other changes ensures that there will not be
conflicts down the road caused by a misunderstanding in what the master branch needs to contain.